## Data Privacy Notice and Consent. 
You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Award Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company, its Subsidiaries and its Affiliates or any third party administrator as designated by the Committee in its sole and absolute discretion for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Company, the Employer and/or any other third party administrator as designated by the Committee in its sole and absolute discretion may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance or social security number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company, details of this Option or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor (“Data”), for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. You understand that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country, or elsewhere, and that the recipient’s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker, escrow agent or other third party with whom the Shares received upon exercise of this Option may be deposited. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. You understand that refusal or withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or Service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected; the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Options or other Awards or administer or maintain such Awards. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative.
